Add Supabase readme and some other fixes (#19501)
DataDog/integrations-core: supabase/README.md

This check uses OpenMetrics to collect metrics from the OpenMetrics endpoint that Supabase exposes, which requires Python 3.

### Configuration

Supabase platform comes with a Prometheus-compatible metrics endpoint readily accessible at your project's `metrics` endpoint: `https://<project-ref>.supabase.co/customer/v1/privileged/metrics`. Access to the endpoint is secured via HTTP Basic Auth; the `username` is `service_role`, while the `password` is the service role JWT available through the Supabase dashboard.

```yaml
## All options defined here are available to all instances.
#
init_config:

instances:

    # The endpoint exposing Supabase customer metrics
    #
  - privileged_metrics_endpoint:  https://<project-ref>.supabase.co/customer/v1/privileged/metrics

    ## @param username - string - optional
    ## The username to use if services are behind basic or digest auth.
    #
    username: service_role

    ## @param password - string - optional
    ## The password to use if services are behind basic or NTLM auth.
    #
    password: <JWT>
```

> It also comes with a hosted Postgres database. To integration with the Agent, you need to [prepare Postgres][11] then supply the database configuration to the integration configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also comes with a hosted Postgres database. To integrate with the Agent, you need to [prepare Postgres][10] then supply the database configuration to the integration configuration. 
```
Note: I think the link was incorrect too?

```yaml
## All options defined here are available to all instances.
#
init_config:

instances:

    ## @param host - string - required
    ## The hostname to connect to.
    #
  - host: <HOST>

    ## @param port - integer - optional - default: 5432
    ## The port to use when connecting to PostgreSQL.
    #
    port: 6543

    ## @param username - string - required
    ## The Datadog username created to connect to PostgreSQL.
    #
    username: datadog.<PROJECT-REF>

    ## @param password - string - optional
    ## The password associated with the Datadog user.
    #
    password: <UNIQUEPASSWORD>
    
    ## @param dbname - string - optional - default: postgres

>     ## The name of the PostgresSQL database to monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## The name of the PostgreSQL database to monitor.
```
